2019_Fall/readme.md, before:

# Task
Submit a Pull Request to this file, checking off your name, and adding your GitHub username. Feel free to add some :rocket: emoji as well :smiley: ! 

## Formatting
This is a Markdown document (note the .md file name), so you'll need to use [proper Markdown formatting](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/#task-lists). 

In the code, you'll see `- [ ]` you'll need to add an X like so `- [X]` to check off your name.

## Pull Request etiquette
Make the Pull Request from your own GitHub account. Make sure you're changing the file in _my repo_ (not your fork). I suggest you @mention me (@joewadcan) in the Pull Request, so we can chat and fix any issues that come up. 


------------

# Fall 2019

- [X] Wadcan, Joe (@joewadcan)

- [ ] Anusionwu, Ije

- [ ] Berren, Becca

- [ ] Bertels, John

- [ ] Bonifaz, Adriana

- [ ] Bricker, Will

- [ ] Chen, Victoria

- [ ] Diaz, Raul

- [ ] Doherty, Mike

- [ ] Ekop, Roland

- [ ] Erlangga Aekukula Renggana, Erlangga

- [ ] Farsio, Sara

- [ ] Filatov, Anton

- [ ] Florez, Julian

- [ ] Froehlich, Matthias

- [ ] Fujitani, Naohiro

- [ ] Garcia Amor, Illan

- [ ] Garcia, Celso

- [ ] Garg, Nisha

- [ ] Greff, James

- [ ] Heumann, Andrew

- [ ] Huang, Xiaoxiao

- [ ] Ishii, Yuri

- [ ] Johnson, Benny

- [ ] Kawatra, Aanchal

- [ ] Kim, Maxwell

- [ ] Kochevar, Michael

- [x] Kodira, Chengappa (@cukodira)

- [ ] Lampka, Silke

- [ ] Larson, Thomas

- [ ] Lau, Sharon

- [ ] Leonard, Oscar

- [ ] Louth, Brittany

- [ ] Lynn, Cindy

- [ ] McGrath, Allyse

- [ ] Nusinow, Matthew

- [ ] OReilly, Samuel

- [ ] Platt, Noah

- [ ] Rana, Rohit

- [ ] Rank, Stephanie

- [ ] Renson, Erika

- [ ] Rentz, Katie

- [ ] Rubio, Nicolas

- [ ] Salazar Romero, Belen

- [ ] Seitibraimov, Amet

- [ ] Seo, Joon

- [ ] Severin, Alex

- [ ] Simnick, Jeff

- [ ] Soares, Bree

- [ ] Sublett, Andrew

- [ ] Tan, Deborah

- [ ] Tomlinson, Kate

- [ ] Tortorello, Matt

- [ ] Wang, Jie

- [ ] Warner, Kyle

- [ ] Yuan, Xin

- [x] Zhang, Chi (@zhangchi67)

Commit message:

Test adjustment to Chengappa Kodira
Chi please accept this update

2019_Fall/readme.md, after:

# Task
Submit a Pull Request to this file, checking off your name, and adding your GitHub username. Feel free to add some :rocket: emoji as well :smiley: ! 

## Formatting
This is a Markdown document (note the .md file name), so you'll need to use [proper Markdown formatting](https://help.github.com/articles/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax/#task-lists). 

In the code, you'll see `- [ ]` you'll need to add an X like so `- [X]` to check off your name.

## Pull Request etiquette
Make the Pull Request from your own GitHub account. Make sure you're changing the file in _my repo_ (not your fork). I suggest you @mention me (@joewadcan) in the Pull Request, so we can chat and fix any issues that come up. 


------------

# Fall 2019

- [X] Wadcan, Joe (@joewadcan)

- [ ] Anusionwu, Ije

- [ ] Berren, Becca

- [ ] Bertels, John

- [ ] Bonifaz, Adriana

- [ ] Bricker, Will

- [ ] Chen, Victoria

- [ ] Diaz, Raul

- [ ] Doherty, Mike

- [ ] Ekop, Roland

- [ ] Erlangga Aekukula Renggana, Erlangga

- [ ] Farsio, Sara

- [ ] Filatov, Anton

- [ ] Florez, Julian

- [ ] Froehlich, Matthias

- [ ] Fujitani, Naohiro

- [ ] Garcia Amor, Illan

- [ ] Garcia, Celso

- [ ] Garg, Nisha

- [ ] Greff, James

- [ ] Heumann, Andrew

- [ ] Huang, Xiaoxiao

- [ ] Ishii, Yuri

- [ ] Johnson, Benny

- [ ] Kawatra, Aanchal

- [ ] Kim, Maxwell

- [ ] Kochevar, Michael

- [x] Kodira, Chengappa (@cukodira - test for Chi to accept)

- [ ] Lampka, Silke

- [ ] Larson, Thomas

- [ ] Lau, Sharon

- [ ] Leonard, Oscar

- [ ] Louth, Brittany

- [ ] Lynn, Cindy

- [ ] McGrath, Allyse

- [ ] Nusinow, Matthew

- [ ] OReilly, Samuel

- [ ] Platt, Noah

- [ ] Rana, Rohit

- [ ] Rank, Stephanie

- [ ] Renson, Erika

- [ ] Rentz, Katie

- [ ] Rubio, Nicolas

- [ ] Salazar Romero, Belen

- [ ] Seitibraimov, Amet

- [ ] Seo, Joon

- [ ] Severin, Alex

- [ ] Simnick, Jeff

- [ ] Soares, Bree

- [ ] Sublett, Andrew

- [ ] Tan, Deborah

- [ ] Tomlinson, Kate

- [ ] Tortorello, Matt

- [ ] Wang, Jie

- [ ] Warner, Kyle

- [ ] Yuan, Xin

- [x] Zhang, Chi (@zhangchi67)
